Update supported devices and VISA backends in the readme (#170)
tektronix/tm_devices: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated the `get_model_series()` function to only warn the user if the model is not found in the `SupportedModels` enumeration. This also eliminates false warnings during unit tests.

### Added

> - Added TekVISA as one of the VISA backend support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added TekVISA as one of the VISA backends supported.
```
